# Terms and Conditions of Service and End User License Agreement

_Last updated: Dec 23th, 2023_

<!-- TOC -->
* [Terms and Conditions of Service and End User License Agreement](#terms-and-conditions-of-service-and-end-user-license-agreement)
  * [1. ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND ACCEPTANCE](#1-acknowledgment-and-acceptance)
    * [1.1.](#11)
    * [1.2.](#12)
    * [1.3.](#13)
  * [2. THE DORKAG SERVICE – GRANT OF RIGHTS; RIGHT TO MODIFICATION AND SHUT DOWN](#2-the-dorkag-service--grant-of-rights-right-to-modification-and-shut-down)
    * [2.1. SaaS-Subscription.](#21-saas-subscription)
    * [2.2. On-prem License.](#22-on-prem-license)
    * [2.3.](#23)
    * [2.4.](#24)
    * [2.5.](#25)
    * [2.6.](#26)
  * [3. USE OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES](#3-use-of-the-products-and-services)
    * [3.1.](#31)
    * [3.2.](#32)
  * [4. CUSTOMER DATA AND CONTENT](#4-customer-data-and-content)
    * [4.1. Responsibility for Data and Content](#41-responsibility-for-data-and-content)
    * [4.2. Content Responsibility](#42-content-responsibility)
    * [4.3. Dorkag's Access to Information](#43-dorkags-access-to-information)
  * [5. CONSIDERATION AND PAYMENT TERMS](#5-consideration-and-payment-terms)
    * [5.1. Payment of Fees](#51-payment-of-fees)
    * [5.2. Payment Terms](#52-payment-terms)
    * [5.3. Taxes and Additional Charges](#53-taxes-and-additional-charges)
    * [5.4. Professional Services](#54-professional-services)
  * [6. OWNERSHIP](#6-ownership)
  * [7. INDEMNIFICATION](#7-indemnification)
    * [7.1. Indemnification by Company](#71-indemnification-by-company)
    * [7.2. Your Indemnification Obligations](#72-your-indemnification-obligations)
  * [8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITIES](#8-disclaimer-of-warranties-and-liabilities)
  * [9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY](#9-limitation-of-liability)
  * [10. CONFIDENTIALITY](#10-confidentiality)
    * [10.1. Confidential Information Protection](#101-confidential-information-protection)
    * [10.2. Legal Protection of Confidential Information](#102-legal-protection-of-confidential-information)
    * [10.3. Definition of Confidential Information](#103-definition-of-confidential-information)
  * [11. PROFESSIONAL SERVICES](#11-professional-services)
    * [11.1. Scope of Professional Services](#111-scope-of-professional-services)
    * [11.2. Ownership of Work Product](#112-ownership-of-work-product)
    * [11.3. Provision of Services](#113-provision-of-services)
    * [11.4. Applicability of Agreement Terms](#114-applicability-of-agreement-terms)
  * [12. EXPORT CONTROL; COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS](#12-export-control-compliance-with-laws)
    * [12.1. Export Control Compliance](#121-export-control-compliance)
    * [12.2. Compliance with Laws](#122-compliance-with-laws)
  * [13. TERM AND TERMINATION](#13-term-and-termination)
    * [13.1. Agreement Term](#131-agreement-term)
    * [13.2. Termination for Breach](#132-termination-for-breach)
    * [13.3. Non-Cancellable Orders and Refunds](#133-non-cancellable-orders-and-refunds)
    * [13.4. Effects of Termination](#134-effects-of-termination)
  * [14. PUBLIC REFERENCE](#14-public-reference)
  * [15. FORCE MAJEURE](#15-force-majeure)
  * [16. NOTICES](#16-notices)
  * [17. ASSIGNMENT](#17-assignment)
  * [18. ENTIRE AGREEMENT AND UPDATES](#18-entire-agreement-and-updates)
  * [19. GENERAL](#19-general)
<!-- TOC -->

## 1. ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND ACCEPTANCE

### 1.1.

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE AND END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT OF DORKAG’S PRODUCTS AND SERVICES (“AGREEMENT” OR “TERMS”)
BEFORE USING OR ACCESSING IN ANY FORM ANY OF THE PRODUCTS, APPLICATIONS, AND/OR SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH OR IN CONNECTION WITH DORKAG’S
PRODUCTS, E.G., THE REAL-TIME DEBUGGER (HEREINAFTER THE “PRODUCTS AND SERVICES”). THESE TERMS CONSTITUTE A BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU (
“YOU” OR “CUSTOMER”) AND DORKAG ORGANIZATION, A COMPANY INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF ISRAEL OR ANY OTHER AFFILIATE THEREOF
EXECUTING THE ORDER FORM (“DORKAG” OR “COMPANY”) AND BY USING AND/OR MERELY DOWNLOADING ANY OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES IN ANY FORM AND
MANNER YOU AGREE TO ABIDE, AND THAT YOU ARE BOUND, BY THESE TERMS. BY USING ANY OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES YOU HEREBY DECLARE THAT YOU ARE
AT LEAST 18 YEARS OLD. IF YOU ARE A MINOR, YOU ARE REQUIRED TO OBTAIN A PARENTAL CONSENT FOR AND PRIOR TO USING THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES.

### 1.2.

THIS AGREEMENT AND THE USE OF THE TERMS “YOU” OR “USERS” ARE APPLICABLE TO ALL TYPES OF USERS OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, INCLUDING OWNERS
WHO INITIALLY SET UP THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND/OR ARE GRANTED OWNERSHIP PRIVILEGES BY THE INITIAL OWNER(S), ADMINISTRATORS, WHO MANAGE
AND RUN A TEAM, CHANNEL, OR GROUP AND USERS WHO ARE INVITED TO JOIN AN EXISTING GROUP AND/OR TEAM THAT HAS ALREADY BEEN CREATED.

### 1.3.

IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR ANOTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND
SUCH ENTITY, ITS AFFILIATES, AND USERS TO THIS AGREEMENT. IN SUCH CASE, THE TERMS “YOU” OR “YOUR” SHALL ALSO REFER TO SUCH ENTITY, AND ITS
AFFILIATES, AS APPLICABLE. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, OR IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MAY NOT USE THE PRODUCTS AND
SERVICES.

**IMPORTANT NOTES:**  
ANY AND ALL USE OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE FEES, FEATURES, SCOPE, DURATION, AND SUCH ADDITIONAL TERMS AND
CONDITIONS, WHICH ARE SPECIFIED UNDER A CORRESPONDING ORDER FORM, STATEMENT OF WORK, INSERTION ORDER OR OTHER AGREEMENTS WITH THE COMPANY OR
A CORRESPONDING COMPANY RESELLER/DISTRIBUTOR (“ORDER FORM”), INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE TO THESE TERMS, WHICH YOU HAVE EXECUTED, SIGNED OR
OTHERWISE AUTHORIZED IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE PURCHASE OF THE RIGHT TO USE THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. ANY REFERENCE TO “AGREEMENT” SHALL ALSO
REFER TO THESE TERMS AS WELL AS TO THE ORDER FORM. IN THE EVENT THAT THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED FREE OF CHARGE, SUCH ORDER FORM
MAY NOT BE EXECUTED AND THE TERMS HEREIN SHALL APPLY.

## 2. THE DORKAG SERVICE – GRANT OF RIGHTS; RIGHT TO MODIFICATION AND SHUT DOWN

### 2.1. SaaS-Subscription.

Subject to the terms and conditions hereunder, including timely payment of all applicable Fees (as defined below), you are hereby granted
with a personal, term-limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable right to access and use the Products and
Services during the term specified under the applicable Order Form as per the scope specified herein, for your own internal use (“SaaS
Subscription”). Unless the Order Form expressly specifies an ‘On-Prem License’ or a similar designation, pursuant to Section 2.2 below, the
Products and Services shall be provided as a SaaS Subscription.

### 2.2. On-prem License.

In the event that an on-prem installation if specified in the applicable Order Form, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereunder,
including timely payment of all applicable Fees, you are hereby granted with a personal, term-limited, revocable, non-exclusive,
non-transferable, and non-sublicensable License to install a copy of the software application identified in the Order Form, in object code
format, and to use the Products and Services during the term specified under the applicable Order Form as per the scope specified herein (
including a number of installation instances), for your own internal use (“On-Prem License”).

### 2.3.

Dorkag may propose to you, from time to time and at its full discretion, and with no obligation to do so, a free-of-charge SaaS Subscription
on terms and scope to be determined by Dorkag, for your own internal evaluation purposes or otherwise for any marketing purposes Dorkag
deems fit (“Free Subscription”). You hereby acknowledge that the Products and Services offered under such Free Subscription shall be so
provided with limited features and functionality. The Free Subscription may be revoked by Dorkag at any time, with or without cause. Dorkag
further reserves the rights to cease such Free Subscription and use and charge fees therefor at any time subject to an Order Form to be
executed by the parties.

### 2.4.

You hereby grant Dorkag a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, and fully paid-up right to use and otherwise exploit in any manner any
suggestions, ideas, enhancement requests, feedback, recommendations, or other information provided by you and/or any end-users related to
the Products and Services or other Dorkag products or services, including for the purpose of improving and enhancing the Products and
Services and/or such other products or services (“Feedback”). You hereby represent and warrant that you shall not provide any Feedback which
is subject to any third-party rights or any limitations, and, without derogating from the foregoing, shall promptly inform Dorkag as soon as
you become aware of any third-party right or limitation which may apply to the Feedback and/or otherwise to Dorkag.

### 2.5.

Other than the rights and licenses expressly provided to you hereunder, no other rights, licenses, or interest whatsoever in any of the
Products and Services and/or any component thereof, are transferred or granted. Without limiting the foregoing, you may not: (i) use the
Products and Services or any part thereof, for purposes other than those explicitly set forth hereunder; (ii) reverse engineer or
de-compile, modify or revise, Products and Services, or any part thereof, or create derivative works thereof or extract any source code from
any binary code or files provided; (iii) sublicense, resell or re-offer the Products and Services, or any part thereof or use the Products
and Services to offer services to any third parties (including in a service bureau environment); (iv) otherwise commercially utilize the
Products and Services, or any part thereof except as expressly permitted under this Agreement.

### 2.6.

You acknowledge and agree that Dorkag has the right, at any time and for any reason, to redesign or modify the organization, structure,
specifications, “look and feel,” navigation, features, and other elements of the Products and Services and/or any part thereof, provided
that such does not result in the Products and Services being materially and adversely different from the Products and Services as first made
available following the execution of this Agreement.

## 3. USE OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

### 3.1.

You agree that you will not use the Products and Services for any of the following purposes: (i) Any unlawful, invasive, infringing,
defamatory or fraudulent purpose; (ii) To send unsolicited bulk commercial emails (“Spam”) of any kind, regardless of the content or nature
of such messages; (iii) To send any harmful code or attachment with the Products and Services; (iv) To use the Products and Services in a
way that has a detrimental effect upon Dorkag, its Users or the Products and Services, as determined by Dorkag at its sole discretion; (v)
To use or attempt to use the Products and Services in breach of these Terms; (vi) To transmit harassing, obscene, racist, malicious,
abusive, libelous, illegal or deceptive messages or files; (vii) To commit or attempt to commit a crime or facilitate the commission of any
crime or other illegal or tortious act; (viii) To interfere with the use of the Products and Services by other Users; To alter, tamper with
or circumvent any aspect of the Products and Services; and/or (ix) To test or reverse engineer any of the Products and Services in order to
find limitations or vulnerabilities.

### 3.2.

You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for your use of the Products and Services. You are fully responsible for the control of
and/or access to your account, including limiting access to usernames and passwords, and you agree to take all reasonable precautions to
protect your username and password and access to your account. You agree that you will immediately notify Dorkag in the event that you
discover or believe that your account or user name or password has been accessed in any unauthorized way. Dorkag shall not be liable to you
or any third party for any failure by you to prevent unauthorized access to your account.

## 4. CUSTOMER DATA AND CONTENT

### 4.1. Responsibility for Data and Content

The Products and Services cannot and should not be relied upon to detect all or any malicious or other harmful or problematic files or data,
and you are responsible for all data and content that you post and/or access, even if it was monitored, debugged or otherwise processed ("
Process") by the Products and Services. We urge you not to access or read any suspicious files and/or information even if those were
Processed using a Dorkag product.

### 4.2. Content Responsibility

You understand that all information (such as data files, written text, computer software, code, music, audio files or other sounds,
photographs, videos, or other images, etc.) which you may Process, using the Products and Services are the sole responsibility of the person
party from whom or from which such content originated. All such information is referred to below as the “Content”. You further understand
that although you are using the Products and Services you may be exposed to Content that you may find harmful, unlawful, offensive,
indecent, or objectionable and that you use the Products and Services at your own risk. You agree that you are solely responsible for (and
that Dorkag has no responsibility to you or to any third party for) any Content that you access, use, transmit or display while using the
Products and Services and for any consequences that your actions may have (including any loss or damage which Dorkag may suffer) by doing
so. You agree that you will not engage in any activity that interferes with or disrupts the Products and Services or the servers and
networks which are connected to the Products and Services. You agree that any information you give to Dorkag will always be accurate,
correct, and up to date. You agree to use the Products and Services only for purposes that are permitted by (a) the Terms and (b) any
applicable laws and regulations in the relevant jurisdictions.

### 4.3. Dorkag's Access to Information

You acknowledge and agree that in connection with the provision of the Products and Services, Dorkag may gain access to certain information
and data which you Process or provide. Dorkag’s privacy policy is set out at: www.Dorkag.com. You acknowledge and agree that you have read
and understood the policy and agree to be bound by its terms (as applicable).

## 5. CONSIDERATION AND PAYMENT TERMS

### 5.1. Payment of Fees

In consideration for the rights, licenses, and services granted under this Agreement, you shall pay Dorkag the fees specified under the
Order Form ("Fees") in accordance with the payment and other terms specified thereunder.

### 5.2. Payment Terms

In the absence of any such payment terms in the Order Form, Fees shall be payable within thirty (30) days following the receipt of the
respective invoice from Dorkag.

### 5.3. Taxes and Additional Charges

Any and all prices and Fees quoted do not include taxes, sales taxes, VAT, duties, charges, and the like, and such shall be added, as
applicable, and borne by you.

### 5.4. Professional Services

Invoices for any professional services ordered shall be issued per each session of professional services provided, following the provision
of services. All such invoices shall be paid within thirty (30) days following their receipt unless expressly specified otherwise in the
Order Form.

## 6. OWNERSHIP

You acknowledge and agree that Dorkag is the exclusive owner of the Dorkag Products and Services, including, without limitation, any and all
derivatives, enhancements, modifications, and/or improvements thereto, and any and all intellectual property or proprietary rights under any
and all the foregoing.

## 7. INDEMNIFICATION

### 7.1. Indemnification by Company

Company agrees at its sole cost and expense to indemnify, defend and hold you harmless your officers, directors, employees, and permitted
successors and assigns from and against any and all third-party claims, damages, costs, liabilities, or expenses incurred (including
reasonable attorneys’ fees), finally awarded against you in a settlement or by a court, to the extent arising from any claims, suits or
proceedings brought by third parties alleging that the Products and/or Services infringe or misappropriate any patent, copyright, trademark,
trade secret or other intellectual property rights of any third party. Company’s above duty to indemnify is contingent on and subject to you
providing Dorkag with a prompt written notice of any such claim, allowing Dorkag to control the defense and settlement of any such claim and
reasonably cooperating (at Dorkag’s expense) with Dorkag in connection with the foregoing.

### 7.2. Your Indemnification Obligations

You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Dorkag, its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, and subcontractors,
upon Dorkag’s request and at your own expense, from, and against, any damages, loss, costs, expenses and payments, including reasonable
attorney’s fees and legal expenses, arising from any third-party complaint, claim, plea, or demand in connection with any misuse of Dorkag’s
Products or Services, or in connection with the breach of any provision or representation in these Terms or under applicable law.

## 8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITIES

EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPLICITLY AGREED HEREIN, THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES (WHETHER PROVIDED WITH OR WITHOUT CONSIDERATION) ARE PROVIDED ON AN
“AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS, STATUTORY OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. NEITHER THESE TERMS, DORKAG’S ORDER FORM, NOR ANY
DOCUMENTATION FURNISHED UNDER THEM ARE INTENDED TO EXPRESS OR IMPLY ANY WARRANTY THAT THE PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED,
TIMELY, OR ERROR-FREE AND/OR THAT ANY ERROR OR MALFUNCTION MAY OR WILL BE RESOLVED. DORKAG NEITHER PROVIDES NOR EXTENDS ANY PRODUCT OR
SERVICE WARRANTY, SUPPORT AND/OR MAINTENANCE OBLIGATIONS TO YOU, AND/OR ANY SERVICE LEVEL OR UP-TIME AVAILABILITY COMMITMENT, WHETHER THE
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED WITH OR WITHOUT CONSIDERATION. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF
THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVE INADEQUATE IN ANY WAY, YOU AND NOT DORKAG ASSUME THE ENTIRE
COST OF ANY COSTS OR DAMAGES INCURRED BY YOU. DORKAG DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ANY DATA SENT BY OR TO YOU WILL BE TRANSMITTED IN SECURE OR
UNCORRUPTED FORM OR WITHIN A REASONABLE OR DEFINED PERIOD OF TIME, OR THAT THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES WILL PREVENT FROM OCCURRING THAT WHICH
THEY ARE DESIGNED TO PREVENT. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY DATA OR INFORMATION DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED, RECEIVED OR SUBMITTED THROUGH
THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT DORKAG WILL NOT BE LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY HARM OR DAMAGE TO YOU OR YOUR
PROPERTY (INCLUDING ANY DATA, PERSONAL COMPUTER EQUIPMENT OR STORAGE MEDIA). DORKAG IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENT OF DATA, INFORMATION
OR ATTACHMENTS WHICH ARE PROCESSED THROUGH DORKAG’S PRODUCTS AND SERVICES.

## 9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

EXCEPT FOR EITHER PARTY’S WILLFUL MISCONDUCT UNDER THESE TERMS, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WHATSOEVER WILL EITHER PARTY, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS
AND LOST BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES), SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM OR RELATE IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER TO THESE
TERMS (INCLUDING TO AVOID ANY DOUBT ANY RELATED ORDER FORM AND/OR AGREEMENT). EXCEPT FOR EITHER PARTY’S WILLFUL MISCONDUCT UNDER THESE
TERMS (INCLUDING TO AVOID ANY DOUBT ANY RELATED ORDER FORM AND/OR AGREEMENT), IN NO EVENT SHALL DORKAG’S AND ITS AFFILIATES’ JOINT AGGREGATE
TOTAL LIABILITY UNDER THESE TERMS (INCLUDING TO AVOID ANY DOUBT ANY RELATED ORDER FORM AND/OR AGREEMENT) EXCEED: THE AMOUNTS ACTUALLY PAID
BY YOU TO DORKAG IN THE 12-MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE EVENT OF LIABILITY. SPECIFICALLY WITH RESPECT TO A FREE SUBSCRIPTION, IN NO EVENT
SHALL DORKAG’S AND ITS AFFILIATES’ JOINT AGGREGATE TOTAL LIABILITY UNDER THESE TERMS (INCLUDING TO AVOID ANY DOUBT ANY RELATED ORDER FORM
AND/OR AGREEMENT) EXCEED: AN AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF ONE HUNDRED UNITED STATES DOLLARS (US$100). THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION ARE
COMPREHENSIVE AND THE EXAMPLES GIVEN ARE NOT EXHAUSTIVE. THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION ARE SEPARATE AND
INDEPENDENT OF ANY OTHER LIMITATIONS IN THESE TERMS AND SHALL NOT FAIL IF SUCH OTHER LIMITATION OR REMEDY FAILS. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT
ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY.

## 10. CONFIDENTIALITY

### 10.1. Confidential Information Protection

Each party will protect Confidential Information disclosed by the other party by (i) not disclosing it to third parties, (ii) preserving its
confidentiality with the same level of care it applies to its own similar types of Confidential Information, and always by taking reasonable
steps to preserve confidentiality, and (iii) using it only for the performance of this Agreement. A party will disclose the other party’s
Confidential Information only to its employees and consultants who need to know such information to perform under this Agreement, and only
after informing such recipients that the information must be protected as confidential and may be used only for the performance of this
Agreement. A party is responsible for any disclosure or misuse of Confidential Information by its employees or consultants.
A receiving party may, without breaching this Agreement, disclose Confidential Information disclosed by the other party to the extent
required to comply with a court order or applicable law or regulation provided that if a receiving party becomes subject to such a
requirement, it must notify the disclosing party as soon as possible and, in any case, before it makes the required disclosure (if such
notice is allowed under applicable law) and it must reasonably cooperate with the disclosing party (if requested, and at the disclosing
party’s expense) to seek a protective order or similar protection for its Confidential Information. The receiving party will disclose only
such information as is legally required and will use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain confidential treatment for any Confidential
Information that is so disclosed.

### 10.2. Legal Protection of Confidential Information

Each party acknowledges that money damages may not adequately protect the disclosing party against actual or threatened breach of this
Agreement and that such breach would result in irreparable harm to the disclosing party. Because of this, a disclosing party may pursue
judicial orders (including temporary remedies) in any competent court to protect its Confidential Information without having to provide
proof of actual damages.

### 10.3. Definition of Confidential Information

“Confidential Information” means all non-public information or materials, including information and materials disclosed prior to the date of
this Agreement, that are marked as confidential, orally described as confidential, or should reasonably be understood to be confidential;
however, Confidential Information does not include information that (i) was previously known to the receiving party without any
confidentiality obligation, (ii) is or becomes publicly known through no wrongful act of the receiving party, (iii) was rightfully received
from a third party without any confidentiality obligation to that third party, or (iv) was independently developed by the receiving party
without use of or reference to any Confidential Information.

## 11. PROFESSIONAL SERVICES

### 11.1. Scope of Professional Services

Professional services related to the Products and Services (e.g., installments services, maintenance, adaptation, training, and other
services designated as such in the applicable Order Form) shall be provided if and to the extent agreed upon in the applicable Order Form.
All professional services may be rendered either by Dorkag or by anyone on its behalf. The terms of the professional services shall be
determined under the Order Form.

### 11.2. Ownership of Work Product

Unless otherwise agreed in the applicable Order Form: (i) you acknowledge and agree that Dorkag owns all right, title, and interest in and
to any documentation, training materials, designs, discoveries, inventions, know-how, techniques, fixes, patches, work-around, upgrades,
service packs, customizations, modifications, enhancements, or derivative works of the software provided by Dorkag or anyone on its behalf (
collectively, the “Work Product”). The Work Product is licensed to you under the terms of this Agreement, during the term of the Order Form
on a nonexclusive, nontransferable, non-sublicensable, worldwide basis, and you are granted no title or ownership rights in any Work
Product, in whole or in part.

### 11.3. Provision of Services

Unless otherwise agreed in writing, all professional services shall be provided on Dorkag’s normal working hours and at the location
determined between the parties (and if not determined, all services may be provided off-prem via phone and/or remote connection).

### 11.4. Applicability of Agreement Terms

The terms of this Agreement, including in connection with limitation of warranties and liabilities, shall apply to the services provided and
any related Work Product.

## 12. EXPORT CONTROL; COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS

### 12.1. Export Control Compliance

The Products and Services delivered to you under this Agreement may be subject to U.S. and Israeli export control laws and regulations and
may also be subject to import and export laws of the jurisdiction in which it was obtained, if outside the U.S. and/or Israel. You shall
abide by all applicable export control laws, rules, and regulations applicable to the Products and Services. You agree that you will not
export, re-export, or transfer the Products and Services, in whole or in part, to any country, person, or entity subject to U.S. and any
other applicable export restrictions. You specifically agree not to export, re-export, or transfer the Products and Services (i) to any
country to which the U.S. or Israel has embargoed or restricted the export of goods or services, or to any national of any such country,
wherever located, who intends to transmit or transport the products back to such country; (ii) to any person or entity who you know or have
reason to know will utilize the Products and Services or portion thereof in the design, development, production, or use of nuclear, chemical
or biological materials, facilities, or weapons; or (iii) to any person or entity who has been prohibited from participating in U.S. export
transactions by any federal agency of the U.S. government.

### 12.2. Compliance with Laws

You agree that you shall use the Products and Services solely in a manner that complies with all applicable laws and regulations in the
jurisdictions in which you use the Products and Services, including, but not limited to, applicable restrictions concerning copyright and
other intellectual property rights.

## 13. TERM AND TERMINATION

### 13.1. Agreement Term

The term of this Agreement shall commence upon its acceptance by you and the terms of each Order Form shall respectively commence on the
effective date stated in such Order Form ("Effective Date") and shall continue for the duration of the term as specified in such Order
Form ("Initial Term"). The Initial Term shall automatically renew for successive term(s) of twelve (12) months (each a "Renewal Term"),
without the need to execute a renewal Order Form, unless either party gives written notice to the other party at least thirty (30) days
prior to the end of the then-current term of its intent not to renew, and if such notice is provided, this Agreement shall then terminate
with respect to such Order Form at the end of the then-current term.

### 13.2. Termination for Breach

In case of a material breach of this Agreement by either Party not remedied within fifteen (15) days from the other party’s written notice
thereof, or in case either party should become bankrupt or insolvent and such event had not been challenged within thirty (30) days of
filing, the other party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement with immediate effect. The foregoing notwithstanding, in case of
any violation by you of these Terms which is non-curable, Company may immediately terminate this Agreement and/or the applicable Order Form
upon written notice, without any prejudice to any other rights or remedies it may under this Agreement or applicable law.

### 13.3. Non-Cancellable Orders and Refunds

Orders are non-cancellable and any Fees paid are non-refundable even in the event of any non-used term by you. Further, to the extent Dorkag
agreed in a specific Order Form that the Fees shall be subject to a multi-year discount (i.e. a reduced annual fee subject to a long-term
commitment for the procurement of the Products and Services), then, upon early termination of this Agreement and/or such applicable Order
Form, for any reason whatsoever, an adjustment shall be made to the Fees to reflect the actual fees due to Dorkag as a result of such early
termination, and consequently you shall promptly pay Dorkag upon notice any excess amount due.

### 13.4. Effects of Termination

In any event of expiry or termination of this Agreement all licenses, all amounts outstanding shall become immediately due to Dorkag and any
and all rights or licenses granted hereunder shall immediately expire and any and all use and/or exploitation by Customer of the Products
and Services, and any part thereof, shall immediately cease and expire. Provisions contained in this Agreement that are expressed or by
their sense and context are intended to survive the termination of this Agreement shall so survive such termination.

## 14. PUBLIC REFERENCE

Dorkag may make public statements, references or announcements with respect to this Agreement and/or the use of the Products and Services by
the Customer and in such context the Company shall be allowed to use Customer’s name, trademarks and logos during the term of this
Agreement. At the request of the Company, the Customer shall reasonably cooperate with the Company in the preparation of a case study
document on how the Product and Services are being used by the Customer and how the Customer benefits from such use.

## 15. FORCE MAJEURE

Neither party shall be deemed to be in breach of this Agreement or otherwise liable to the other party for any delay in performance or
non-performance of any obligations under this Agreement to the extent that the delay or non-performance is due to Force Majeure provided
that the relevant party has used reasonable endeavors to avoid and mitigate the effects of the Force Majeure and to carry out its
obligations under this Agreement in any other way that is reasonably practical. “Force Majeure” means any cause preventing either party from
performing all or any of its obligations which arise from or is attributable to acts, events, omissions or accidents beyond the reasonable
control of the party so prevented, including without limitation, strikes, lockouts, other industrial disputes or other restraints or
stoppages of labor of suppliers, acts of god, war, riot, civil commotion, terrorism, malicious damage, pandemic, epidemic or extreme weather
or environmental conditions.

## 16. NOTICES

Any notices or communications under this Agreement to you will be addressed to the addresses specified in your Dorkag Order Form, as either
party may update by written notice from time to time. Notices under this Agreement shall be deemed effective immediately upon delivery if
delivered personally, one (1) business day after delivery if sent by e-mail with a confirmation, one (1) business day after sending via a
registered overnight carrier and five (5) days after posting if mailed by registered, certified mail. In addition, Dorkag may provide
notices electronically in the Products and Services or otherwise in its website, as long as they are provided in a visible form to you.

## 17. ASSIGNMENT

Dorkag may assign these Terms and/or any Order Forms without a notice or your consent. You, however, may not assign these Terms and/or any
Order Forms. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their permitted successors and assigns.

## 18. ENTIRE AGREEMENT AND UPDATES

This Agreement (including any Order Form and exhibits and schedules thereto) constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with
respect to the Products and Services and supersedes all previous proposals, both oral and written, representations, writings, and all other
communications between the parties. Dorkag reserves the right, at its discretion, to update, change, modify, add, or remove portions of this
Agreement (“Agreement Updates”) by providing you a written notice to such effect or by otherwise posting such Agreement Updates within the
Products and Services or in Dorkag’s website, in a form visible to you. Unless you provide us a written notice within fourteen (14) days,
objecting to such Agreement Updates, such Agreement Updates shall become binding upon you. In any event, your continued use of the Products
and Services shall constitute your binding acceptance of the Agreement Updates.

## 19. GENERAL

This Agreement (including any Order Form and exhibits and schedules thereto) and the relationship between you and Dorkag are governed by the
laws of the State of Israel without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with the
Terms will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts in the State of Israel (without derogating however from
Section 9.2 above). The parties are independent contractors and these Terms do not create a partnership, franchise, joint venture, agency,
fiduciary, or employment relationship between the parties. There are no third-party beneficiaries under these Terms. Neither party’s failure
to exercise nor enforce any right or provision of the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of
the Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to
give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and agree that the other provisions of the Agreement remain in full
force and effect.
